Clarify no 2FA site documentation (#7506)
jdavis/twofactorauth: CONTRIBUTING.md

- Facebook can also be included using the `facebook` field.
- Email can be included using the `email` field.
- Contact forms can be included using the `form` field.
- Only email or a contact form can be added, not both.
- The `language` field inside `contact` can be included for websites whose social media pages/communication channels do
  not use English. The language
  codes should be lowercase [ISO 639-1][iso-lang-wikipedia] codes.

> Do not add the `tfa` and `documentation` fields.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Do not add the `tfa`, `documentation` or `recovery` fields.
```
